road haulage
jump counter presented at the twentieth vertical kilometer
23 and 30
too statue cutting almost a minute and a half on riccardo riccò alete at only 20
seconds from pinotti hardly din
eight kilometers to be able to earn 26 photos on pinocchio is a further touch
Street
plague seize the class
the force
we have the time would
I'm almost well seized 9 30
34 and then
if bruseghin
will arrive over 34 events will lose the bobbio and not paired after twenty
kilometres
it lasts a few minutes we will know who will go up on the third step of the podium we are
found on riccardo riccò minute and half delay villa
zara in the order of two minutes at the end of this stopwatch
to laugh
when is that indurain when to pick up chiappucci ari-92
92 92 the last chronometer of a 66-km chronometer was in force in Milan
miguel indurain went bari take claudio chiappucci well if the word of
today the post was 66
a place where riccardo would have gone to recover this rich one
I think
it costs to come because now answer for
conclude this stopwatch is from
5 kilometers from the finish line but we follow the fight to the podium
we repeat the time limit for bruseghin 34 events if it will arrive within 30 4
events
he will be on the podium of the tour vice versa will go up there franc pellizzotti
however a test
really good that of
free pellizzotti
a second worse than the tennis adventure
maman chauvin a specialist
free pellizzotti
no stopwatches
even though bar remembered
fantastic plan de corone s
but in the hard stretch the one on the dirt road
last kilometer for bruseghin
should do it in a 10 is
could the though
it was a matter of seconds and not paired
in the general classification cortisol away after twenty kilometers this morning
there were 5 seconds difference between the two
look at everything risks
he didn't let us serve
if a nice surprise this
the fools who truly succeed in surprising even today 1 trial
extraordinary positive stopwatch also this a surprise address must
to defend this struggle on the wholly secondary thread
for the third step on the po
which both would deserve anyway
let's see if I sit down to finish in crescendo as it's usually done
just the sprint
of marzio bruseghin can be done
between 4 and 20 e
time - height 100
13 14
tcs
there is strength 2 seconds
we also escape and the bitterness of pea too many ahahah this sport marzio
Bruseghin
really suitable
final kilometer photo la
afghanistan
images you have seen of fixed
but we are here
here here
there is no one on this
you really put it
an expense report with DVD - anal.
continuously
in the final promotion san marino
menstrual pain mercatone ads
jeremy bieber dj
quoto everything I had
15 it
but I could do more priceline bets on this we want to love you
mew mew
open question
thanks to you voy amar forgive